Current: The MatchIT web application currently does not offer the
ability to filter search results based on keywords.

Request: Implementation of advanced search with support for "fuzzy"
search. This feature would allow users to get relevant results even when
they enter a keyword that is not completely accurate or complete. For
example, if a user enters "devloper" instead of "developer", a "fuzzy"
search would still find relevant ads.

Reason: Advanced search with support for "fuzzy" search could improve
the user experience by allowing more flexible and tolerant search. This
would be particularly useful in situations where users are unsure of the
exact title of the position or skill they are looking for. Also, this
feature would help reduce the number of missed results due to typing
errors or incomplete entries.

2.\
Current: The job offers page currently does not use pagination. All ads
are displayed on one page.

Request: Implement pagination on the job offers page so that after every
tenth ad there is navigation for the next page, the current page number,
and the total number.This request refers to the web version.

Reason: Without pagination, the page can become overloaded if there are
a large number of ads. This can lead to longer page load times and a
poorer user experience. Pagination can improve page performance and make
it easier for users to navigate through ads. Also, pagination can help
in better content organization and enable users to more easily find what
they are looking for.

3\.

Current: Currently, the MatchIT web application does not have an audio
notification when a new message arrives.

Request: Implementation of an audio notification for new messages in the
chat.

Reason: Audio notifications can enhance the user experience by alerting
users to new messages even when they are not directly focused on the
chat window. This can be particularly useful in situations where users
are using other parts of the application or other applications but want
to be notified of new messages. In addition, audio notifications can
help maintain user engagement and enable faster response to messages.
